charts/linkerd-buoyant/README.md, before:

# linkerd-buoyant

![Version: 0.0.0-undefined](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.0.0--undefined-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.0.0-undefined](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.0.0--undefined-informational?style=flat-square)

The Linkerd Buoyant extension connects your Linkerd-enabled Kubernetes cluster to Buoyant Cloud, the global platform health dashboard for Linkerd.

**Homepage:** <https://buoyant.io/cloud>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| BuoyantIO | info@buoyant.io | https://buoyant.io/cloud |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/BuoyantIO/linkerd-buoyant>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.20.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| agent.apiAddress | string | `"api.buoyant.cloud:443"` | API address for Buoyant Cloud |
| agent.imageVersion | string | `nil` | imageVersion of the buoyant-cloud-agent pod |
| agent.insecure | bool | `false` | Disable TLS. Only use for testing. |
| agent.logLevel | string | `"info"` | Log level for the buoyant-cloud-agent pod |
| agentClusterName | string | `nil` | The name of the cluster observed by this agent, as it should appear in Buoyant Cloud. Required. |
| agentDownloadKey | string | `nil` | The download key for this agent. Required. |
| agentID | string | `nil` | The ID for this agent. Required. |
| agentKey | string | `nil` | The key for this agent. Required. |
| metrics.apiAddress | string | `"api.buoyant.cloud:443"` | API address for Buoyant Cloud |
| metrics.insecure | bool | `false` | Disable TLS. Only use for testing. |
| metrics.logLevel | string | `"info"` | Log level for the buoyant-cloud-metrics pod |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.7.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.7.0)

Commit message:

client credentials auth flow + autoregistration (#46)
This PR enables auto registration and client credentials auth flow.

Signed-off-by: Zahari Dichev <zaharidichev@gmail.com>

charts/linkerd-buoyant/README.md, after:

# linkerd-buoyant

![Version: 0.0.0-undefined](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.0.0--undefined-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.0.0-undefined](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.0.0--undefined-informational?style=flat-square)

The Linkerd Buoyant extension connects your Linkerd-enabled Kubernetes cluster to Buoyant Cloud, the global platform health dashboard for Linkerd.

**Homepage:** <https://buoyant.io/cloud>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| BuoyantIO | info@buoyant.io | https://buoyant.io/cloud |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/BuoyantIO/linkerd-buoyant>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.20.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| agent.apiAddress | string | `"api.buoyant.cloud:443"` | API address for Buoyant Cloud |
| agent.image | string | `"ghcr.io/buoyantio/linkerd-buoyant"` | image of the buoyant-cloud-agent pod |
| agent.imageVersion | string | `nil` | imageVersion of the buoyant-cloud-agent pod |
| agent.logLevel | string | `"info"` | Log level for the buoyant-cloud-agent pod |
| agent.noTLS | bool | `false` | Disable TLS. Only use for testing. |
| api.apiAddress | string | `"api.buoyant.cloud:443"` | API address for Buoyant Cloud |
| api.clientID | string | `nil` | The client id. Required. |
| api.clientSecret | string | `nil` | The client secret. Required. |
| api.noTLS | bool | `false` | Disable TLS. Only use for testing. |
| metadata.agentID | string | `nil` | The ID for this agent |
| metadata.agentName | string | `nil` | The name for this agent. Required. |
| metrics.apiAddress | string | `"api.buoyant.cloud:443"` | API address for Buoyant Cloud |
| metrics.logLevel | string | `"info"` | Log level for the buoyant-cloud-metrics pod |
| metrics.noTLS | bool | `false` | Disable TLS. Only use for testing. |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.7.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.7.0)
